The wind howls through the ruined village. You can barely see through the snow.
Blue lights flicker in the distance. The cold is biting, even for Icewind Dale.
You hear something crunching on the ice behind you.
Roll a Constitution save, everyone.
A figure in a tattered cloak steps out from behind a broken wall.
You see a staff, glowing faintly blue at the tip.
The ground cracks under your feet. Ice is spreading fast.
Winter wolves circle the party, growling low.
The figure raises the staff. The temperature drops even more.
Roll initiative.
You hear a distant howl, much deeper than the wolves nearby.
The ice under your boots starts to crack. What do you do?